Add instructions to write custom checks (#35) (#98)
stackrox/kube-linter: docs/configuring-kubelinter.md

> [!TIP]
> `exclude` always takes precedence, if you include and exclude the same check,
> KubeLinter always skips the check.

## Run custom checks

> You can write custom checks based on existing [templates](generated/templates.md). All `params` can be taken from the respective templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write custom checks based on existing [templates](generated/templates.md). Every template description includes details about the parameters (`params`) you can use along with that template.
```

> [!TIP]
> `exclude` always takes precedence, if you include and exclude the same check,
> KubeLinter always skips the check.

## Run custom checks

> You can write custom checks that are based on existing templates.

Reviewer 2: Can we also insert a link to all the existing templates here? And also please mention that params definitions are also taken from the respective templates.

> You can write custom checks that are based on existing templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write custom checks based on existing [templates](generated/templates.md).
```

> For example,
> - To be sure that an annotation exists, you can add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example,
- To make sure that an annotation exists, you can add the [`required-annotation`](generated/templates?id=required-annotation) template:
```

  ```yaml
  customChecks:
    - name: required-annotation-responsible
      template: required-annotation
      params:
        key: company.io/responsible
  ```

>   It uses the existing `required-annotation` template and adds the check for your custom keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - To be sure that a specific label exists, you can add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To make sure that a specific label exists, you can use the [`required-label`](generated/templates?id=required-label) template:
```

  ```yaml
  customChecks:
    - name: required-label-release
      template: required-label
      params:
        key: company.io/release
  ```

>   It uses the existing `required-label` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Extending custom checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extend custom checks
```

To be inline with other headings

> There may be situations where custom checks need to be scoped to specific Kubernetes objects. To make custom checks more user friendly, a message can be added to the output of the check. These can be added by using `scope` or `remediation` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With custom checks, you can control the checks to run only on specific Kubernetes object types (such as services or deployments). You can also modify the remediation message you get when your custom check fails. For example,
```

For example,

> - To be sure that only Deployments have set a required annotation, you can add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To make sure that a specific annotation exists on all deployments, you can use the [`required-label`](generated/templates?id=required-label) template and specify a Kubernetes objects `scope`:
```

  ```yaml
  customChecks:
    - name: required-annotation-responsible
      template: required-annotation
      params:
        key: company.io/responsible
      scope:
        objectKinds:
          - DeploymentLike
  ```

>   At the time of this writing, `objectKinds` can be either `DeploymentLike` or `Any`.

Reviewer 2: In fact we also support `Service` as well. Maybe instead of enumerating all the object kinds here, we can insert a link to this folder https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/tree/main/internal/objectkinds and say all supported object kinds can be found here?

Author: Sound muchs better, yes :+1:

>   At the time of this writing, `objectKinds` can be either `DeploymentLike` or `Any`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For details about `objectKinds` that KubeLinter support, see https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/tree/main/internal/objectkinds
```

> - To be more user friendly it is recommended to add a message to the check, that describes, what to do when this check fails:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `remediation` to include a remediation message that users get when your custom check fails:
```
